Yan Zhanshen took that kid's actual engagement
No wonder he dared to be so arrogant
But I put this end today
He's asking for nothing.
Yan Zhanshen actually broke off the marriage after being the moon for so many years
Really
You really have information with him
Should be happy to arrange privately
He appreciated me back then
I want to condense me and Ye Ni to make a marriage contract for us
But I had explicitly refused
I didn't expect him to
Or did you prepare this wedding privately?
Shut up
You're just a failure
The change of Yingying taking the hole
What right do you have to refuse you?
What right do you have to let my mother go private?
Just getting married
That being the case.
This engagement ceremony cannot be counted
Why are you doing this?
Why should I do this
That's because I'm the only one who rejected you
And you have no right to refuse
You don't look at what you look like now
If I were you
I can't wait to find a place to drill
It will not appear in front of a world full of strange curses
That means you don't have enough confidence
Not confident enough
Ok please let it go and I'll tell you
Did you know that today's ivy feast
And for whom is this wrong and fair?
For whom?
I'm not afraid to tell you
I am about to be canonized as the king of Beijing
And I am also the first queen of this summer
This is the gap between you and me
An angel
An underground
I'm about to go to the sky
And you're just a chicken wahaha
Guard the queen
Yuan Yichang's canonization ceremony has not yet begun
How can you be so sure that you can be canonized as a king?
Hmph, aren't you afraid that this position isn't you?